docs/development-resources.md, before:

# Development resources

The library encodes and decodes several formats. This page contains links to
invaluable tools during development of those features.

## PDF

### PDF Analyser
For inspecting PDF file structure.

https://www.winking.be/en/products/pdfanalyzer

### PDF Tools
Validate PDF files online. Good when constructing test files by hand.

https://www.pdf-online.com/osa/validate.aspx

## PNG

### pngcheck
Verifying the integrity of PNG files.

http://www.libpng.org/pub/png/apps/pngcheck.html

## Fonts

### fontbakery
Verify fonts for problems.

https://github.com/googlefonts/fontbakery

### Microsoft Font Validator
Verify fonts for problems. Good to know is that the Windows font viewer seems more strict than Microsoft Font Validator.

https://github.com/HinTak/Font-Validator

### Font tools
TTX can be used to dump the font to XML format for inspection. Very good help during development.

https://github.com/fonttools/fonttools

### OTS
Can be used to validate ttf, otf, woff, woff2. Browsers are using this software for verifying fonts.

https://github.com/khaledhosny/ots

### A bit of font generation
A description of OpenType and CFF.

https://pomax.github.io/CFF-glyphlet-fonts/

Commit message:

Added OTMaster Light to list of development resources

docs/development-resources.md, after:

# Development resources

The library encodes and decodes several formats. This page contains links to
invaluable tools during development of those features.

## PDF

### PDF Analyser
For inspecting PDF file structure.

https://www.winking.be/en/products/pdfanalyzer

### PDF Tools
Validate PDF files online. Good when constructing test files by hand.

https://www.pdf-online.com/osa/validate.aspx

## PNG

### pngcheck
Verifying the integrity of PNG files.

http://www.libpng.org/pub/png/apps/pngcheck.html

## Fonts

### fontbakery
Verify fonts for problems.

https://github.com/googlefonts/fontbakery

### Microsoft Font Validator
Verify fonts for problems. Good to know is that the Windows font viewer seems more strict than Microsoft Font Validator.

https://github.com/HinTak/Font-Validator

### Font tools
TTX can be used to dump the font to XML format for inspection. Very good help during development.

https://github.com/fonttools/fonttools

### OTMaster Light
Show tables of OpenType fonts in a GUI.

https://www.fontmaster.nl/test-demo.html

### OTS
Can be used to validate ttf, otf, woff, woff2. Browsers are using this software for verifying fonts.

https://github.com/khaledhosny/ots

### A bit of font generation
A description of OpenType and CFF.

https://pomax.github.io/CFF-glyphlet-fonts/
